Update beginner's guide to docs (#2174)
writethedocs/www: docs/guide/writing/beginners-guide-to-docs.rst

How to write software documentation
====================================

As a software developer or engineer, there is a magical feeling that comes from releasing open-source code.
The feeling is a mix of terror and excitement.
You're eager to tell the world about your new project but despair at where to start. Even professional writers 
know the mixed emotions caused by a blank page.

Good software documentation helps relieve that fear. So, have no fear! Use this guide to document your first open-source project for 
public release. 

.. _why:

Why write software documentation?
---------------------------------------

Understand your code in 6 months

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: This heading reads to me like "learn to code in six months" not "understand your own code six months from now"

Your code from 6 months ago looks like code that someone else wrote.

> Things once obvious are now unclear and you now empathize with potential 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Things that were obvious six months ago are now unclear, and you now empathize with potential 
```

users who need good documentation.

Get people to use your code
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Just like code comments explain the *why* and not the *how*, software documentation states the *why* behind the code.
Good documentation solves a few 
common reasons people won't use your code:

* They don't know why your project exists or how it meets their needs.
* They can't find how to install your code.
* They can't see how to use your code.

> Few people will source dive to use code, but most 

Reviewer: rephrase "source dive" maybe?

Reviewer: And I feel that document your project is different to document your code, but :man_shrugging:

* Become quickly outdated.
* Accumulate disparate content on unrelated topics.
* Become hard to sort and search through as content is added.
* Are rarely an actual list of frequently asked questions from real users.
* Tempt you to add content as a quick fix in lieu of creating actual, thorough documentation.

Show what problem your code solves
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

People use your docs to learn about your project. 
Perhaps they will hear about your project from others or will find it from a search engine. 
Regardless, clearly state what your project does and why. 

Fabric_ does a great job of this.

.. _Fabric: http://docs.fabfile.org/

Provide a small code example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Show a common example use case for your project. 

Requests_ is a great example.

.. _Requests: https://requests.kennethreitz.org/en/master/

Link to your code and issue tracker
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

People sometimes browse the code. They might want to file bugs for issues they've found, 
so make your code easy to contribute. 

The `Python Guide`_ does a good job of this.

> .. _Python Guide: http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/index.html

Reviewer: I like this framing. Do we want to go as far as pulling the example out and showing it here? Or are we happy just linking?

> Tell how to get support
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tell people how to get support
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```
